# CS131 Autograder - MOAR TEST CASESSSS

This contains the core tests released by the TAs, plus many more generated by students.

THIS README IS DIFFERENT THAN THE DEFAULT ONE, PLEASE READ!!

## Usage

### Setup

This includes the full test harness as well as more test cases, so just clone this instead of the default autograder project. 

You can even use this to replace the existing tester:

1. `cd autograder`
2. `git remote remove origin`  # Remove the old remote
3. `git remote add origin https://github.com/Cobular/MORE-TESTS---131-Fall-2023`  # Put this remote in it's place
4. `git pull --set-upstream origin main`  # Re-associate your main branch to the remote main branch, and pull the new changes

Then, just put your code in the root folder and run `python3 ./tester.py 2`!

I've setup the gitignore so it should be hard for your to accidentally commit your project code, but please please please be careful if you make a PR to share in more tests!

### Contributing Tests

To share your tests with others, there's 2 options.

1. Make a fork + PR! Here's the steps:
    1. Go to https://github.com/Cobular/MORE-TESTS---131-Fall-2023 and fork
    2. Run the following to swap out the remote for your folder 
        1. `git remote remove origin`
        2. `git remote add origin <YOUR REMOTE NAME>`
        3.  `git push --set-upstream origin main`
    3. Commit your new tests, AND NOT YOUR CODE!!!!! PLEASE!!!!
    4. Push that
    5. Go back to GitHub and create a PR. It should prompt you when you make a commit
    6. I'll check it out in a little and merge it in. Thank you for helping out :D
2. Send me your test cases on discord @cobular. I'll push them in on your behalf.


Please do the first thing with the PR cause it's less work for me, but if you get stuck the second is fine too! Thanks!!

